adjusted the instructions in step2.md to include switching to Tab1 be… (#1)
derberg/asyncapi-killercoda-interactive-tutorials: streetlight-tut/step2.md

1. Trigger generation of the Node.js code: `ag asyncapi.yaml @asyncapi/nodejs-template -o output -p server=mosquitto`{{exec}}

> 1. And voilà! In the editor you can see a new folder is created with generated Node.js application. Goto your `Tab1` terminal and enter the `output` folder from the there: `cd output`{{exec}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. And voilà! In the editor, you can see a new folder is created with generated Node.js application. Go to your `Tab1` terminal and enter the `output` folder from there: `cd output`{{exec}}
```
